well I I could live without it was it
like a little annoying or is it like
when Phoebe chews her head don't listen
to him Pheebs all right I think it's
endearing oh you do do you now there's
nothing wrong with speaking correctly
indeed there isn't I should really get
back to work
yes otherwise someone might get what
they actually ordered well ah ha ha the
hair comes out
[Music]
did you ever go out the guy your friends
all really like no okay well I'm going
out with a guy my friends all really
like when we're talking about the
Coyotes here all right
a pal gap through let me believe it you
know what I just don't feel the thing I
mean they feel the thing I don't feel
the same honey you should always see you
let's thanks listen if that's how you
feel about the guy Monica dumped um no
it's me really hard
yeah the big boy he'll get over no he'll
be fine
the other five I'm worried about the
company respects to your body don't you
realize what you're doing to yourself
you know I've had it you guys and your
cancer and your emphysema and your heart
disease the bottom line is smoking is
cool and you know Chandler
it's Alan he wants to speak to you
really he does hey buddy what's up oh
she told you about that huh oh yeah I
have one now and then well yeah now wow
it's not that that's true
gee you know no one no one's ever put it
like that before so okay thanks
[Laughter]
yeah he's good
only he were a woman yeah Thank You
Lambchop how old is that sock fight a
sock on my hand for 30 years to be
talking to okay I think it's time to
change somebody's nicotine patch hey
where's Joey Joey ate my last stick of
gum so I killed him do you think that
was wrong did he give you cross the
whole thing there you go
ooh I'm alive with pleasure now
hey Pheebs you're gonna have the rest of
the putter Pheebs
does anyone want the rest of this
pop-tart hey I might know so stupid soda
people gave me $7,000 for the Sun oh yes
you monetize